Hey, here are three agentic workflows I
built in under 15 minutes that can make
you more than $5,000 this month. I'll
show you how they work, give you the
results, and then at the very end of the
video, I'll actually build them live
alongside you. So whether you guys want
to use this in your own business, copy
paste some of the hot templates that
you're seeing online, or learn how to do
these sorts of things for other
companies, this is the video for you.
The first system is an Upwork job
scraper. Now, if you're unfamiliar with
what you are looking at here, this is
Visual Studio Code. It's an integrated
development environment. All that means
is it's essentially a chat box that I
can use to communicate with an AI agent
to have it build things for me. So what
I'm going to do is tell it to scrape 10
Upwork jobs in the last 24 hours for
automation related projects. Next, it'll
look for some highle instructions stored
in a directives folder and an execution
folder. I'll cover a little bit more
about this in a second if you're new to
this concept. Afterwards, it's actually
going to run an Appify scraper with an
automation keyword filter. I should note
that it found this scraper on its own.
Once we're done, it'll actually find me
all automation related jobs that I
wanted. Looks like it found me an
additional one. From here, it's given me
a bunch of proposals. It's just asking
me if I want to create a Google sheet
with this. I'm going to say yes. And
then it'll run essentially a proposal
generator, which allow me to customize
my applications to each of these jobs.
What's cool is this also identifies some
top picks by client spend because it has
access to budgets, client spends, and
client profiles. It allows us to analyze
who are serious people on the platform
and who aren't. Eventually, it'll create
a Google sheet, which is linked over
here,
and then it'll present it to me in this
message. If I give this button a click,
I now have access to all of the
proposals or jobs that I could have
applied to, as well as a column here
called apply link. This column is great
because it's a one-click to get to the
job. It'll open up the job in a new
window. All I now have to do is just
scroll through, write a cover letter,
and then apply. And the good news is
it's already pre-wrote wrote the cover
letter for me based off of best Upwork
practices. You'll see that it's also
pinned a Google doc up to the top here.
If you're wondering what that is, this
is a one-page proposal document that I
had the AI build into said workflow. And
so this actually pitches them on a
customized quote unquote proposal that
walks them through how uh we plan on
doing this sort of thing. I should note
that you don't have to create a Google
doc. The options here are essentially
limitless. You could create using Google
Nano Banana Pro some sort of like
workflow diagram or walkthrough. You
could record a customized Loom like I
have people do in Maker School, my
automation community. The options here
are really up. In this way, you can
apply to 10 Upwork jobs with
extraordinarily highquality customized
and detailed proposals in just a few
moments as opposed to previously a
process that might have taken you an
hour or two. The next workflow is an
instantly campaign writer. For those of
you that are unaware, instantly is a
cold email platform that allows you to
send emails to people at scale. It's one
of the primary ways that I acquire
clients and I also teach people how to
acquire clients. In this case, what I
want is I basically just want to
automate the process of spinning up
draft campaigns. And so I'm telling it,
create me instantly campaigns for a new
offer I'm running. Company's called
Dental Connect. It's a dental clinic
marketing company. And the offers are we
guarantee you 10 new patients in 30 days
or we send you a,000 bucks.
Alternatively, we get you three new
patients totally free and if you want to
keep working with us, it's
performance-based. As you can see, it's
reading through some highle directives
here and then getting a bunch of
scripts, then finding some campaign
examples as well as actually going
through and doing the HTTP requests and
API calls, etc. It does this using a
giant repository of high performing
instantly campaign copy that I've put
together. Once it's done, it then gives
us a successful status code up top
before finally giving us a page that we
can access to review the copy. The copy
is stored in these three campaigns. So,
I'm just going to open all of them side
by side and go to sequences. And as you
can see here, it says first name
icebreaker. This is an AI personalized
little snippet that we have the model
generate. I work specifically with
dental practices on patient acquisition.
Have helped a lot of clinics fill their
schedules over the past few years and
wanted to reach out. I looked into
company name a bit and think there's
some interesting stuff we could do
together. Not trying to pitch you a
cookie cutter package or anything like
that. More just curious to be open to a
conversation, but it's working for you
now where you want to grow. We build
systems that work really well for
dental. Every practice is different.
Love to learn more about your situation.
See if there's a fit. Now, is this the
best copy on planet Earth? probably not.
But what's really cool is this copy is
not just uh one. There's not just one
type of copy. I have this split test
multiple. And so the idea is we run this
at scale. We quickly filter out the
losers of things that don't work. And
then we isolate the winners, the things
that do. So anyway, uh as you see, there
are variety of different offers here.
Let me send you three patients
completely free. Uh 10 new patients in
30 days or I send you $1,000. Not a
typo. If we don't hit 10K 10, I will
literally Venmo you 1k. As you can see
here, you know, it the more examples
that you generate, the higher the
probability that one of them will be a
perfect winning combo. And this thing
just saves me a lot of time when I'm
setting up insulate campaigns for
clients cuz that's kind of the the core
part of what I do nowadays.
[clears throat] The last agentic
workflow uses Google Maps to scrape for
companies and then pull contact data
through a deep website crawl and then
claude. What I'm going to do is I'll
have it scrape me a 100 HVAC companies
in Texas using Google Maps, then get
company and contact details and add to
said Google sheet. This is the Google
sheet right over here. It's just a
Google sheet that we continuously add
to. And at a very high level,
essentially what we're doing is we're
storing some information like the lead
ID, then when the uh leads were scraped,
the search query that we use to generate
the leads, the business name, the
category, the address, and we get
addresses for the vast vast majority of
these, the phone numbers, uh, and then
we even get email addresses for
something like 50%, maybe 40%, uh,
depending at scale. Uh how we do this is
we go through all different pages of the
company website. So we don't just do
like the main company website, but we'll
also scrape the about page, the team's
page, the the founders page, the owner's
page, whatever the heck. Essentially, we
identify very high likelihood
candidates, scrape all those pages, too,
compile this into some giant text block,
and then feed to a very streamlined
version of cloud, which allows it to
extract these details into adjacent
schema. So what it's done is given me
some highlevel instructions on what it's
planning to do. It's first going to
start by running a Google map scrape for
HVAC companies in Texas. Then it's going
to enrich leads with website contact
data for finally saving the results to
that Google sheet. In addition to that
previous information, we also get things
like the owner name. We get a bunch of
team contacts which I think is really
cool. And then we also have um
enrichment status and so we can enrich
cold emails using uh various services
like any mailfinder, vein and and so on
and so forth. Although I should note
that this is optional. What's cool is
the service we're using to do this
scrape actually gets us their location
pinned on maps as follows. And so, as
I'm sure you can imagine, if I wanted to
scrape more within the constraints of
Fort Worth or Arlington or Irving or
Dallas or what have you, I would just
specify this in the prompt. And I'd
significantly increase the density of
the leads that I'm scraping in like a
tighter geographical region, which makes
this system really good if you're
building local systems, you know, local
lead scrapers. You're running outbound
teams that are knocking on doors or
reaching out to people within a specific
neighbor. Okay. And this is running
incrementally, so it'll continue adding
in batches to minimize API calls. But as
you guys see here, we got a bunch of new
email addresses for the search and so on
and so forth. That's how easy it is,
honestly, to get data for outbound
campaigns. This also does it very
cheaply. Um, Claude is not the
bottleneck here. Um, despite the fact
that I'm using Claude to like, you know,
assemble all this information and
whatnot, it's actually Appy and so there
are variety of different ways to get
even cheaper lead scraping. But I think
this one is like about one one cent per
something along those lines. Okay, so
any keen viewer might have asked why I
have multiple cloud code instances
running. Um, the reason why is because
this allows me to build these systems
very quickly. Essentially, you can
parallelize, which just means run many
different cloud code instances
simultaneously within the same folder,
so long as you're working on different
directives and executions. So, let me
give you a run through of what this
looks like if you wanted to build these
workflows yourself with no pre-existing
IDE experience. And if you've never even
tackled something like this before, it's
actually very straightforward. So the
first thing you have to do is you have
to get an IDE like Visual Studio Code or
Anti-gravity. Anything that allows you
to run agents in the IDE is fine. If you
don't already have the claude code for
VS Code extension, that's what I'm using
as my agent. You know, you can obviously
use OpenAI or Codeex or variety of other
tools, but this is what I'm using.
Definitely need to make sure to install
it and then get on some sort of plant.
Once you're done with that, when you
open up your new VS Code extension, you
can open a folder. I'm just going to
choose this new one I created called
three agentic workflows. Once I'm done,
I now have everything set up and I get
this little welcome. So, the way that
this new way of building works
essentially in a nutshell is we have
three different folders. We have a
directives folder, we have an executions
folder, then we also have a file called
an agents.md file which just provides a
bunch of information about how to build
systems. So, very first thing I'm going
to do is just click on this new file,
type agents.md. This is just markdown.
and then paste in a big pile of
instructions. If you don't have these
instructions, just check my recent
video. It's about a 2-hour course on how
to build a workflows. It walks you
through this, but in a nutshell, we're
going to set up a directive folder and
we're going to set up an execution
folder. The direction the directive
folder rather is where we're going to
store high-level um essentially
instructions surrounding what we want
the model to do. And so, if I go back
here and then write execution just like
this, we now have everything that we
need in order to actually build. I know
it sounds simple and I know it sounds
silly, but this is actually all you need
to actually get. Next up, if you just
click on any file in the top right hand
corner with this extension, you can open
up multiple cloud code windows. That's
what I'm going to do here. And then if
you just separate out the windows as
follows, um then you can just drag each
new instance to each section down there.
At the very bottom of each of these
cloud code instances, just change the
mode to bypass permissions. This just
allows the model to run um sort of
autonomously, and you don't really have
to ask it to to do stuff. It's not going
to double check with you whether or not
it should do whatever. You're just
giving this full autonomy and assuming
that it knows better than you do about a
lot of this code stuff.
PS, this knows a lot more than I do
about all that code stuff. Now, from
here, you can actually get up and
running and just ask an agent to help
build something for you. Essentially,
what you do is you provide very high
level instructions like some bullet
points saying, "I'd like to build a
workflow that does X, Y, and Z." Just
for the benefit of everybody's time
here, I've actually already created
these workflows cuz obviously I had to
show them to you earlier. Then I just
asked the model, hey, give me a highle
brief that I could use to feed into a
future model to rebuild it. So I'm
actually going to be uh including those
live down below. So you guys can use
these if you guys want to build very
similar workflows to me. Um after that,
there is one final hurdle and that is
authentication. You will not have given
this system native authentication to
access the various tools and stuff like
that um that you will need in order to
do these workflows right off the bat.
For instance, as you saw, it was
updating my Google sheet a bunch, right?
That needs access to my Google Sheets
account. It also needs things like API
keys to, you know, instantly apply
various services that I'm using. And so
the good news is you don't actually have
to know how to get any of that stuff
ahead of time in order to make these
flows work. What you do is you just ask
the system, hey, build this whole thing
out for me. I don't currently have, you
know, you you don't currently have
access to anything. It'll actually run
you through the various things that you
need to provide it access to. So in that
way, it is very much like a co-uilder.
It's very much like a like a a partner
in the building process. But just so
that we uh skip me sharing my API keys
because I've done that way too often on
this channel, I'm just going to include
all that information in the folder by
copying it over previously from the
other. Okay. And as you can see, I've
copied over a bunch of credentials
files. So an agents.md file that we had
before, but thev file is typically where
you store API keys, just some plain
text. Then you have credentials. These
are for um Google. Then you also have
some tokens and so on and so forth. And
I should know that you don't actually
need all this stuff. As I mentioned, the
model will help you come up with all of
these files. They're very simple, very
straightforward, but at the end of it,
um it'll just like u one click ask you
to log into maybe your Google account
for Google Sheets or some other service,
whatever it is. Uh it's very very
straightforward. Tries to economize user
experience wherever possible. Okay, so
for the Upwork scraper, I have it right
over here. Uh basically, after I built
the previous system with some highle
bullet points, I just asked it to
reproduce me a big list of steps that I
could feed into a future model. So
that's what I'm doing right now. Just
make sure I'm on the right one. So this
is the Upwork scraper here. It seems
very long and scary. Don't worry too
much about this. This is just natural
language. So I'm just going to feed that
Upwork scraper request into the first
builder. Then the Google map scraper
prompt I'm going to feed into the second
builder. So I'm just going to scroll all
the way down here and then paste that
in. And then the instantly campaign
writer prompt I'm going to feed into the
third builder and paste that in. Okay.
And then we are building. It will ask
you various questions on and off as you
do set building process. In my case, it
just asked me, hey, do you want me to
build this whole thing? Are you 100%
sure we're all good to go? I said yes.
Here it's asking me, um, hey, you know,
I'm seeing that one of the tokens is
missing in a specific folder. So, I'm
just going to ask you to reauth in a
minute. This over here is confirming
that it now has access to everything.
This over here is now actually going
through the building of campaigns. Oh,
and I'm realizing I didn't actually
provide the campaigns folder. So, I need
to go back and then give uh give an
example campaigns file. I see it's
created this campaigns.mmd. So, one sec.
Okay, so I just added those files over
here. Um, essentially I have this big
campaigns.mmd file. It has a bunch of
examples of high performing successful
copy that I've wrote before and I just
copied this over just some plain text
here. Nothing really fancy or special.
You guys have seen this copy in a
variety of my previous YouTube videos if
you guys have watched my channel before.
So, um, yeah, now we're just running
through top to bottom. So, what's really
cool is this thing functions essentially
autonomously at this point. um buried
somewhere in my prompt if you guys want
to take a look is instructions to just
have it run um iterate test and just
continue in this loop over and over and
over and over again until it has
something that actually works. If you
guys have uh a lot of price sensitivity
surrounding let's say appy tokens or I
don't know like instantly credits or
something along those lines then
obviously you might want to check in a
little bit more often. In my case, the
cost of the time in order to have this
thing pause maybe while I'm on a phone
call or or in a meeting or something
like that um is higher than the cost of
any erroneous credits that I would use
by not actually being around to
micromanage it. And in general, I treat
this the same way that I treat managing
most of my staff members, which is I I
give it a lot of creative freedom. I
just define the what and then I have it
figure out the how. So, we're getting
pretty close here. on the lefth hand
side, the scraper now works or we've
actually gone through and we've scraped
um the service to get a big list of
Upwork jobs. You can see them right over
here. And so voila, my Upwork jobs are
now stored in JSON. The thing is we
don't want it in JSON. We obviously want
it in a Google sheet. And so u the next
step really is for it to go through and
then generate all this stuff as a Google
sheet.
In the middle over here, it's building a
whole website contact extractor in an
execution called extract website
contacts. py. Do I know anything about
this or care how it's done the building?
I really don't to be honest. Um I'm not
a programmer really. Uh at least not in
many many years have I done any
programming and even then it was like
full stack essentially. Uh well sorry
most mostly front end with like a little
sprinkle of of backend stuff. Um the
point that I'm trying to make is I don't
actually know about the implementation
details and I don't really care about
the implementation details. All I really
care about is hey is it doing the thing
that I asked it to do? It's doing a
pretty good job here and I'll evaluate
the results when it's finished. Then on
the right hand side here, the instantly
campaign creator is now done
successfully. It's just going to verify
that they display correctly by fetching
them back from the API. So that's pretty
cool. You can see that it will
occasionally run into errors. So it just
tried sending some bash requests. It
failed the bash request, but that's
okay. Like the building process is self
annealing, which just means um you know
if you have instructions in a highle
file like this agents.mmd over here,
somewhere buried in it is instructions
that say, "Hey, if you screw up, that's
okay. Just keep going. We want you to
keep on going until uh you you make it
work. And then once you've made it work,
actually update the instruction set that
you have just created for yourself to
ensure that the next time you don't make
the same screw up. Now on the right hand
side here, we have the first script
that's telling us that it's done. It's
also now asking me to do some OOTH. So
I'm just going to do my OOTH sign in for
both of these services. That's one. And
this one here is for the second. Cool.
And then um for the instantly campaigns,
let's take a look at these. I believe it
generated these test corp ones. So it's
just asking me to double check. Is this
the format that I wanted?
Looks like it is. Yeah, it looks pretty
solid. Wonderful. Wonderful. This one
here is in the format that I wanted. And
then this one here is in the format that
I wanted as well. Now, it did this with
some example data. You know, it did some
some quote unquote SAS company offer. Uh
which may or may not be what I want, but
that's okay. That actually looks really
solid. So, I'm going to say great work.
Update the um directives to account for
your learnings if you haven't already.
Although, I can see it already has. I'm
seeing that this made a very tiny
logistical error in that the first step
is 0 days in the future. Um make the
first step one day, not zero days. And I
just know that because instantly doesn't
actually have a zero day um wait time.
Basically, every step needs to be at
least 1 day in advance. So, you know,
models will make issues like this. Don't
let me pretend that they they they
won't, but they make them during the
building stage. And so, the workflows
are being built. Every time you check
the outputs, you can quickly verify
whether or not they're what you want.
And if they're not, you just tell it to
fix. Then, when you run it, it's uh
pretty procedural, right? I mean, it
just it's a big Python script. So, it
just calls the same thing over and over
and over again. Basically the same thing
as I don't know um you know, drag and
drop and end flows. Okay. Okay, now
let's see the output of that Upwork
scraper. We see we have the client
spent, client hires, connects, apply
link, cover letter, proposal doc as
well. That's pretty cool. So, hi, I work
with this service daily and just built
an SSL auto renewal script for Windows.
Here's a free walkthrough. Let me just
double check whether or not I can
actually access the job link. So, I'm
now running like a real life test to
make sure that this is everything that I
need. Looks pretty good. Looks like
their budget's up to about 40 bucks an
hour. So, I might be able to pitch more
or less. And then I'm just going to copy
this, paste this in. As you guys can see
here, I have the Google Doc. So, why
don't we take a peek at the Google Doc?
So, this looks pretty solid. What I'm
noticing here is there's some markdown
issues. You guys see how there's like
these two little um stars? So, I don't
actually like that. Like, this doesn't
seem very natural to me. And I think the
markdown is now kind of a dead giveaway
that it's an AI model. So, I'm just
going to head back here and I'll say um
great work. However, the Google doc is
not formatting the markdown properly.
Fix that. Then, update directives with
learnings. Then once you're done, run a
test on five jobs for automation.
Cool. And um you know, I'm limiting the
builder to doing the building and the
testing when I want it to actually do.
Okay. When I actually want to like
execute these scripts, I want to use
them as you know, part of my day-to-day
um operating system. Um I actually
create a new cloud instance. And so the
way you do that here is pretty simple.
I'm just going to create a new one uh
right over here. Or you could just go
back slashcle to clear the conversation.
or you could go back/ new to open up a
new conversation. Variety of different
ways, but essentially in this way, you
don't have any context pollution between
the the cloud instances that do the
building and then the cloud instances
that actually do the doing. Um, so
that's a question that I got just um a
few days ago that I figured I'd answer
here. [snorts] All right, so on the
right hand side, this one looks like the
first step has been updated to one day
in both the script and the directive.
That's pretty cool. What I'm going to do
now is I'm going to have it run a test
end to end and then I'm going to have it
self anneal. Um, the reason why is cuz I
want to see how does it perform with no
context. If you think about it, it has a
bunch of context as to like how the
build works here. What I'm going to do
is I'll go new. I'm going to delete
this. Let's open this up again. Drag
this over here to the right. And I'll
say, "Hey,
create an inst create uh instantly
campaigns for this offer. I'm just going
to reproduce. Dental Connect is my
company.
I'll say we book or we are a new patient
acquisition system for Canadian
dentists. Then I'll say um offer will
get you 10 new patients in 30 days or we
send you $1,000. We're not actually just
for Canadian. So I'll just I'll just
another offer. Um we get you three new
patients for free and then go
performance-based after 100%. Okay. So
now I'm actually running like a test
test. You know, this is like the
building test obviously. This is like
the actual test. I actually want to see
does this thing work. Keeping in mind
though that um even if it doesn't uh the
instructions in agents.mmd which is
injected into every prompt just get
refed in. And so this has that context.
It knows essentially what the structure
of this is over here in the middle.
Pipeline is complete. Fantastic. Taking
a look at the actual data that became
outputed. This is wonderful. So just
going to drag this down a bit. Okay.
Bold this. And then let me just fit
everything. Lead ID scraped at cool. So
all this information is still present.
As you can see, you know, we scraped
what 16 and then we ended up getting um
a certain number of email addresses as
well. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Some of
these double up, but that's okay. We got
a bunch of phone numbers and an
additional phones column. I mean, this
is crazy, right? We have all the social
media profiles. We have a bunch of owner
info. The depth of this is pretty wild.
One more thing here on the left hand
side, we have the fixed Google Doc
markdown formatting. So, I'm actually
just going to take a look at this data.
Now, I'm going to This is the
spreadsheet here with the proposal text.
That's cool. Actually includes a column
with the proposal text. I like that.
Then we have the proposal doc. Let me
just take a look at this. See how it
did. Nice. That's a lot better. So, hey,
I spent 15 minutes putting this together
for you. I've worked with multi-million
dollar companies like Anthropic. Yes,
that Anthropic have a lot of experience
designing, building similar workflows.
This is really cool. Uh, really, really
cool. Wonderful. Um, this is obviously
me. So, I mean, don't use this copy
paste if you haven't actually worked
with these big businesses, but uh yeah,
I mean, approach like this tends to
work. You personalize the hell out of
the intro, you mention some crazy social
proof, and then you're like, "Hey, I'm
just going to give you a bunch of stuff
for free because I really want to get my
foot in the door." Um, and then, you
know, in our case, we're doing some
quote unquote deep research here. Uh,
which is pretty positive. Now,
obviously, review the scope. Uh, don't
send things to Upwork contacts that you
don't fully understand or know about,
but with client spense like this, this
is actually some pretty solid uh uh
potential prospects for for sending
apps. Now, I should note one more thing.
Um, I'm seeing here that I created an
agents.mmd, but in reality, you don't
just want an agents.mmd. You also want a
claude.md with the same text. Then you
want a gemini.mmd with the same text.
The reason why is because um depending
on the integrated development
environment that you're in um you know
visual studio code using cloud code,
using open's codecs or uh or or uh
Gemini 3, these actually all have
different initialization files. So, I
actually think the one that we need for
cloud is cloud.md, not agents.mmd. This
is supposed to be like the general
purpose one, but systems don't always
pick that up. So, just make sure that
you always have multiple here. And I
spotted this because the one on the
right here, I gave it some some highle
instructions and it just keeps on asking
me, hey, should I do this? Which is sort
of like the out of-box behavior. Um, now
that I've added that in, u, this should
be good. Okay, this is now generated
those three campaigns and instantly
hopefully you guys see how powerful a
system like this could be. And, um,
yeah, I mean, like I'm really just
scratching the surface with this stuff.
You can customize any of these three
workflows however you would like in
order to make them even more powerful
and certainly capable of delivering more
of an ROI than just 5,000 bucks. So,
take them all for free, do what the
whatever the heck you want to do with
them. Um, and just know I'm going to be
continuing to publish a lot more of
these agentic workflows. So, if you guys
have any ideas and systems that you want
to see me build, record a video on, and
then show you how to do so, then just
drop them down below in the comments. I
read every single one. Aside from that,
if you guys could do me a big solid,
check out Maker School. It's my 90-day
accountability program where I actually
show you how to take all this building
knowledge and then get your first paying
customer for an AI automation or
consulting related service. I do that
for you in 90 days. And if we don't
achieve that outcome in 90 days, you
just get your money back. So, uh, no
risk. You you learn a ton through
actually interfacing with the market.
And then we get to use really cool AI
technologies like this. Done with my
pitch. Have a lovely rest of the day.
I'll see you soon.